Add CW21 abstract and invite volunteers to co-lead this (#1738)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: conferences/abstracts/2021-03-CW21.md

# Collaboration Workshop 2021

* Website: https://www.software.ac.uk/cw21
* Location: Online
* Date: 30 March - 01 April 2021

## Authors
Malvika Sharan

## Session collaborators

> TBA: SSI Fellows and volunteers from The Turing Way community

Author: ```suggestion
Emma Karoune, More SSI Fellows and volunteers from The Turing Way community
```

* Website: https://www.software.ac.uk/cw21
* Location: Online
* Date: 30 March - 01 April 2021

## Authors
Malvika Sharan

## Session collaborators
TBA: SSI Fellows and volunteers from The Turing Way community

## Mini-workshop or demo session title
Good Practices for Designing Software Development Projects (The Turing Way)

### Mini-workshop or demo session abstract
Effective methods for project design are crucial to the success of a research project. 
Particularly in software development, design principles can lead to better code, maintainability, and extendability. 
Project design encompasses a variety of aspects, starting from defining the purpose, main research questions, expected users and target audience, available resources and skills required in the project. 
It is also important to explore the possible outcomes, plans to address expected challenges, ensure diversity of stakeholders and reduce possible barriers to participation.

The Turing Way is an open-source, community-led book project that aims to bring together diverse contributors and collaborators to share resources and practices that make data science reproducible, ethical and inclusive. 

> The project is developed and maintained on an online project repository (https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way) and invites contributions to its 5 guides, including the guide for project design.

Reviewer: better to write 5 in words - five.

Also capitalise guide title in Guide for Project Design
